#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Android =

 
Windows XP (32-bit), Vista (32- or 64-bit), or Windows 7 (32- or 64-bit)
Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later (x86 only)
Linux (tested on Ubuntu Linux, Lucid Lynx)
GNU C Library (glibc) 2.7 or later is required.
On Ubuntu Linux, version 8.04 or later is required.
64-bit distributions must be capable of running 32-bit applications. For information about how to add support for 32-bit applications,

= Eclipse IDE =

Eclipse 3.5 (Galileo) or greater
Note: Eclipse 3.4 (Ganymede) is no longer supported with the latest version of ADT.
Eclipse JDT plugin (included in most Eclipse IDE packages)
If you need to install or update Eclipse, you can download it from http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/.
Several types of Eclipse packages are available for each platform. For developing Android applications, we recommend that you install one of these packages:
Eclipse IDE for Java Developers
Eclipse Classic (versions 3.5.1 and higher)
Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers
JDK 5 or JDK 6 (JRE alone is not sufficient)
Android Development Tools plugin (recommended)
Not compatible with Gnu Compiler for Java (gcj)
Other development environments or IDEs
JDK 5 or JDK 6 (JRE alone is not sufficient)
Apache Ant 1.8 or later
Not compatible with Gnu Compiler for Java (gcj)

= iPhone : Mac OS X Lion System Requirements =

In order to install application Mac OS X 10.7 will be need:
Intel Core 2 Duo, Core i3, Core i5, Core i7, or Xeon processor 2GB of RAM 
Mac OS X 10.6.6 or later with the Mac App Store installed at least 4GB of additional disk space to accommodate the download, but more is obviously recommended

To develop for the iPhone you will need an Intel-based Mac running Leopard (OS X 10.5.3 or later). 
If you have a solid grounding in Cocoa development (Apple’s Objective-C framework) with the xCode development on the Mac platform, developing iPhone Apps should be a breeze
Everything you need to build an iPhone App is contained in the huge iPhone App SDK. Like everything else on the Mac, installing it as my first Mac App was a bit of a challenge. I had never heard of .dmg files, let alone used one, to download and install Mac apps. With the help of this Images explanation, that challenge was soon overcome.
= Tablets: Control4® MyHome – iPad =

Control4 MyHome app for iPad—iOS 3.2 or 
later and Control4 OS 1.7.4 or later (OS 1.7.4 or 
1.8.2 require a software patch)
Licenses
Single device license (C4-MyHome). For one 
(1) supported device only. Supports Control4 
OS 1.7.4 or later.
Site license (C4-MyHome-Site or
C4-MyHome-Site-Trial). For multiple (up to 50) supported devices in the system.