#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

Table of Contents	
Revision History	
==*1.0	Introduction*==	
==*1.1	Purpose*==	
==*1.2	Product Overview*==	
==*1.3	References*==	
==*2.0	User Description*==	
==*2.1	User/Market demographics*==	
==*2.2	User Profiles*==	
==*2.3	User Environment*==	
==*2.4	Key User Needs*==	
==*2.5	Alternatives and Competition*==	
==*3.0	Product Overview*==	
==*3.1	Product Perspective*==	
==*3.2	Product position Statement*==	
==*3.3	Summary of capabilities*==	
==*3.4	Assumption and dependencies*==	
==*3.5	Cost and pricing*==	
==*4.0	Feature Attributes*==	
==*5.0	Product Features*==	
==*5.1	Feature 1*==	
==*5.2	Feature 2*==	
==*6.0	Use Cases*==	
==*7.0	Other project Requirements*==	
==*7.1	Application Standards*==	
===*7.1.1	Data Requirements*===	
==*7.2	System Requirements*==	
==*7.3	Licensing security and Installation*==	
==*7.4	Performance requirements*==	
==*8.0	Documentation requirements*==	
==*8.1	User Manual*==	
==*8.2	Online Help*==	
==*8.3	Installation Guide*==	
==*9.0	Glossary*==

==*1.	Introduction*==
  * Our Vision
To be the preeminent mobile device application  development and business capability service  company for Financial services companies by delivering the highest level of service and protection through full-service mobile application development for the IPhone, iPad, Android, and Mobile Web. With dedicated specialists on each platform and a team of designers championing the end user, our in-house app development process is engineered to be seamless, scalable, and lightning fast. 

==*1.1.	Purpose*==
The purpose of this vision document is to collect, analyze and define high-level use needs and features of the FNOL on the Go IPhone application.

==*1.2.	Product Overview*==
  * With the free FNOL on the Go App for IPhone, iPad® and iPod touch®, a variety of information and services—including claims reporting—are just a touch away. So wherever you are, you can connect with your auto insurer quickly. 
Here are just a few of the things you can do with the FNOL on the Go App for IPhone:
  * Find a local agent. 
  * Report a claim and submit photos of the damage to your vehicle. 
  * Locate a Service Center. 
  * Get emergency service, if you have our Roadside Assistance coverage. 
  * Get safety tips and roadside how-to's.
==*1.3	References*==
----
----
=*2.0	User Description*=
<This section summarizes the rationale for the new product. Provide a general description of the history or situation that leads to the recognition that this product should be built.>

==*2.1.	User/Market demographics*==
  * This product would have the capabilities to inform the insurance companies the exact accidental description as soon as the incident has occurred. The customers have to fill the required information and submit to the insurance carrier. The product also enhance the Vehicle owner’s and drivers experience by providing several useful services on your finger tips  On the Go.
==*2.2.	User Profiles*==
  * The user of the application is the person who has insurance policy and has this application in his/her Smartphone. The policy holders have to get the app from the app store and the insurance company will provide them the unique activation code so they can use the application to   interface with their insurance company in real time upon a loss event
==*2.3.	User Environment*==
  * Basically the working environment for this app is when accident has occur and person has to provide the information for example how incident has occur and provide the details and photos of the incident by using their Smartphone (iPhone). The application is also useful while driving by providing free services unrelated to loss event
==*2.4.	Key User Needs*==
	
  * Policyholder providing loss event details to the insurance carrier with the necessary information in real-time

  * Policyholder receiving the acknowledgement and claims number from the insurance company upon receiving the loss event details 

  * Policyholder accessing the status of an active claim 

  * Policyholder and Driver accessing useful services while on the road
==*2.5.	Alternatives and Competition*==
 The alternatives and Completions are listed below
	
  * Some of the major insurance carriers in North America have developed their own iPhone application and continuously improving the application performance could be a potential loss market for the product

  * The competition from strategic implementation partners and technology resource providers could enable the possibility of having insurance companies developing their own IPhone application to offer similar services

  * Similar less matured product in the market could raise a stiff competition by improving their   product.

=*3.0 Product Overview*=



==*3.1 Product Perspective*==







